# Minecraft-Java-Framework
This is a Java based Framework for http://gendesignmc.engineering.nyu.edu

## Requirements
This is written as a Plugin for "CraftBukkit" a modified extendable Mincraft Server.
Instructions on how to build it can be found here: https://www.spigotmc.org/wiki/buildtools/

## Usage
1. Modify the build.xml (Ant), to reflect your Bukkit Installation/Build Path, etc.
2. Build the JAR of this Framework
3. Run the Minecraft Server

## Optional
Install Mapcrafter (https://mapcrafter.org/index) for a Quick rendered Preview of your Map!

## Instructions WITH ANT Build Support
1. Follow the Instructions to build a CraftBukkit Server.
-  Alternatively use a Server.jar that has been provided. Due to rights issues, the Server JAR may not be distributed publicly!
2. Run the Server with java -jar server_filename.jar
3. Open the newly created "eula.txt", and set the variable to "true"
4. (Optional) Download Mapcrafter
5. Put the Test_Maps into the Rootfolder of your Server
6. Edit the build.xml file to reflect your setup. (See below)
7. Run the Build

## Instructions without ANT Build Support
1. Follow the Instructions to build a CraftBukkit Server.
-  Alternatively use a Server.jar that has been provided. Due to rights issues, the Server JAR may not be distributed publicly!
2. Run the Server with java -jar server_filename.jar
3. Open the newly created "eula.txt", and set the variable to "true"
4. (Optional) Download Mapcrafter
5. Put the Test_Maps into the Rootfolder of your Server
6. Put the provided INSTRUCTIONS.txt in the Rootfolder of your Server
7. Build this Project as a Jar and place it in the "plugins" folder.
8. Run the Server again and let it process the Maps.
9. Optional, run Mapcrafter and let it generate an overview of the Map.

### Sample INSTRUCTIONS.txt
> The instructions.txt file will be a file containing one or more lines, where each line contains: 
> • A string containing the name of the input file (map to be read and edited) 
> • A string containing the name of the output file (which will be generated by your agent) 
> • Six integers x1, y1, z1, x2, y2, z2, which together define the bounding box of the generated village. Any part of the settlement that is generated outside this bounding box will not be considered for judging. You can assume x1 < x2, y1 < y2 and z1 < z2 

```
TestMap1,TestMap1_GEN,-233,50,-239,32,128,16
```

### Sample RunScript for the Server
```
java -jar craftbukkit-1.XXX.jar
```

### Sample render.conf for the MapCrafter Tool 
```
output_dir = output

[world:Processed1]
input_dir = TestMap1_GEN

[map:Processed1]
name = Processed 1
world = Processed1
```

#### Sample RunScript for MapCrafter
```
mapcrafter.exe -c render.conf -j 5
```

Or for Unix
```
./mapcrafter -c render.conf -j 5
```
